Pushpendra Singh: Hello! I hope everybody
Rajat Verma,WUD: you can hear me and you any. Good afternoon, everyone.
Ajay Singh Rana: What about them, sir?
Pushpendra Singh: All right. So I would just like to mention that recording is on. So
Pushpendra Singh: we are all great, all set, Phillip. So I think, in the next two minutes, when two a broader starts we can start.
Manu Narain: Good afternoon, everyone.
Sanmitra C: Good afternoon.
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: So good afternoon. Good morning, depending on
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: wherever you are in the build you
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: it's my pleasure on behalf of uh
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: the partner universities of this project
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: to welcome all of you
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: to the final conference
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: of the Capacity Building project.
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: Ah,
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: the project was
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: because the Covid it got extended by a few months. We are now using this project.
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: Ah!
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: To this final conference.
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: The
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: it's really interesting, because this project aimed at uh
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: it indeed,
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: designing and elevation capacities in India
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: contribute to its modernization efforts
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: in industrial design and creative sectors
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: from the partner's European
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: Union universities to India,
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: and I must say it was very timely, because
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: it not only
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: complied with. All was
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: dextables with the make in India program of Prime Minister,
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: but also aims to contribute,
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: which itself led to a huge disruption in the
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: Uh global education
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: and design and innovation scenarios,
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: bringing in a lot of uh digital
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: competencies within the fold,
Mohd Aqib: and this project could not have been better timed, because there's also capacity is exactly to that
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: for that scenario.
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: So what we have achieved in this
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: small period is that we have created some centers of accidents in design and innovation.
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: We have introduced a number of cutting edge courses in these institutions
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: a number of industrial projects we've already started, and the results have come. All these efforts have been sustainable. We treated because now the linkages and everything which has formed are sustaining,
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: would, besides becoming you. Now invite the project. Coordinator, Professor Philip.
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: Uh, give an introduction to the project
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: and the main outcomes.
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: Professor failed. Peace.
Philip Azariadis: Thank you, Sanjay. Thank you all for being here with us. It is our pleasure to see all these people in our final conference.
Rajat Verma,WUD: We can start sharing. If there are any issue, I will do it.
Philip Azariadis: Okay, I I will start sharing one a moment, please.
Nilesh yadav: It's
okay. I think you can see my screen.
Philip Azariadis: Ah,
Philip Azariadis: okay, let me give a couple of details of this project. As they said, this is an arrangement capacity building project. It started at November, the twentieth eighteen.
Philip Azariadis: It was supposed to be a three years project, but due to some difficulties we face during the implementation of the project we have extended up to September, two thousand and twenty two. Actually, the project will officially finish tomorrow.
Philip Azariadis: We are seven partners in this project. Four are coming from the European Union. The University of the Ngn is one, a European partner, which is the coordinator of this project.
Philip Azariadis: Brunel, a lot of the University, Laudon, Polytechnical de Milano, and Britain are the four European partners, and we have three Indian universities, wood, trip, light and orient.
Philip Azariadis: The project has a budget of around eight hundred and seventy thousand of us. Most of this money we are dedicated to the setup of the labs in the Surrey Indiana universities.
Philip Azariadis: So um the The The main objectives of the project is uh internationalization of the idea and design education. By the establishment of this three design and innovation centers in the the Indian University to universities, and through uh, a systematic collaboration Uh,
Philip Azariadis: and these ah centers are supposed to contribute to the development of innovative environmental methods for research and design process
Philip Azariadis: to the establishment. Of course, sectoral projects for collaboration and for learning to the establishment of Fiji and dancing projects, to facilitate the inclusion of design thinking process to the development of extreme affordability principles and to the development of community based programs in every designers and artisan to send to the modernization and internationalization of Indian universities
Philip Azariadis: so flip, the slides are not changing.
Philip Azariadis: One moment I will share my entire screen then one more month
Philip Azariadis: Now can you see my slide now?
Pushpendra Singh: Yes, yes. Now Now I just can't do.
Philip Azariadis: Okay,
Philip Azariadis: Yes, one more.
Philip Azariadis: It it can change. Okay,
Philip Azariadis: you will. Yes, yes, yes, okay. Thank you.
Philip Azariadis: By J: Sorry. Sorry about that.
Philip Azariadis: Um. So, um, let me give a a very brief overview of our approach in this project. First we started with a background research to establish the current status of design education in India.
Philip Azariadis: We have also reviewed best practices in European Union universities and institutions.
Philip Azariadis: We have established the three design and innovation centers, and we have started in parallel
Philip Azariadis: the capacity building sessions for the three Indian universities. Afterwards we have, we have set up the service and business model of this design and innovation settings, and we have established collaborations with the industry in the forum of momentum, of understandings
Philip Azariadis: for new agreements for pilot. I would like to think that we have put a little. Ah! We have contributed a little stone to the increasing of awareness on the importance of design education in India.
Philip Azariadis: This is a big project. More than forty four deliverable outcomes have been developed. I'm not going to explain or tell or give details of of all this deliverables. But I would like to give some more information about the main results.
Philip Azariadis: And for the Brunswick.
Philip Azariadis: Yeah.
Philip Azariadis: And the first main result is the three design and innovation centers. Actually, the centers have been set up with basic equipment and software that can be found in typical Fab labs. So this send us support product conceptualization and prototyping two hundred and fifty.
Philip Azariadis: And that's why we have ah equipment like a silly Brenda, a laser cutter, a milling massing as a discolor, of course, modern pieces And so and the reverse of generic and product design software.
Philip Azariadis: Our second main result is the development of new or the improvement of existing design courses for all three Indian universities. We have aim at maximizing
Philip Azariadis: um specify those ah courses that need to be introduced or ah approved. Ah! So that these courses would be immediately included in their programs, and therefore will be sustained for the future.
Philip Azariadis: Of course we took care of of accreditation issues, and so that the courses and are ah obliged, sorry with the European Ct. As credit accreditation system.
Philip Azariadis: So this we have in totally developed six courses. The first four are: system, design, craft designs, a little design and experiential space space design. They have been one hundred and fifty
Philip Azariadis: developed for a wood.
Philip Azariadis: The third set of results is the new university industry. Collaborations that took shape in the form of pile of pilot projects.
Philip Azariadis: Six pilot projects have been started and completed successfully through this in a project to for It's Indian University, and you will. We will hear more about this projects later by our partners,
Philip Azariadis: and finally, another may. The result of the project is the building of competencies to all three Indian partners in order to
Philip Azariadis: they use modern ah pedagogical a process on design education. Usually we explain. Ah! The scholar courses that we use in Europe. Ah! Another Another goal was to familiarize the Indian faculty with the new equipment. Ah! That has been established in the three labs
Philip Azariadis: mit ctl. And and of course, to increase awareness and competencies on design and education in the fields of interacting design, a product design to serve the design One hundred and one.
Philip Azariadis: Initially, we have planned to have three in C, two capacity building sessions, one in Italy, and one in Italy, and one in Greece.
Philip Azariadis: Ah! We started with this plan, and we had the first possibility session in Laudo, February, and March of two thousand and twenty. However, after that we had the Covid situation, so we had to rely on the entire capacity building sessions, and we opted to implement them remotely,
Philip Azariadis: and therefore we had again seven Ah, past building sessions. And one good thing about all this situation was that by moving this capacity building session online we have increased significantly the number of participants, which was one hundred and thirty, nine instead. Also initially,
Philip Azariadis: that land uh as twenty-seven.
Philip Azariadis: Um,
Philip Azariadis: Of course, with such a big project we had to establish some quality evaluation, mechanism.
Philip Azariadis: So we have ah established an Internal Quality Control Committee, and we have also hired the services of an external quality evaluator, and both
Philip Azariadis: instruments have evaluated all projects and deliver ups and outcomes, and provided feedback for improvements.
Philip Azariadis: Ah! Regarding dissemination, I think we have done a good job. There we have two ah smaller articles published in scientific journals, one in the design Journal of Design for Social Things, sustainable innovation and A, and we have achieved a good number of dissemination, either through our
Philip Azariadis: website or social and artificial networks, either through our image letters, and the various webinars around table that we have.
Philip Azariadis: Ah, we
Philip Azariadis: So if you are interested in getting some of this deliverable, some some of these articles and
Philip Azariadis: um material produce through this project. Please visit the Zen Dot Org, and you will find a lot of information. Of course a lot of information can also be found. Facebook. Do it In any case, if you'd like Podcast, you can use this simple email this, you know, at the gym, and we will.
Philip Azariadis: Ah reply to you
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: I thank you for yet.
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: I think that gives an overview of the project.
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: Let's delve a little deeper into the major project outcomes.
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: I've been of Saxen up from what you lost your design.
Abhinav Saxena: Hello! Can you hear me?
Abhinav Saxena: Am I up edible?
Rajat Verma,WUD: Yes, yes, yes, yes,
Abhinav Saxena: okay. Thank you so much. Hi, Hello, everyone. Thank you, Phillip, for the brief presentation, and my name is Abina Saxina, and i'm from uh University of Design i'm ending, and i'm teaching product design, and i'm a by provision. I'm. A product designer.
Abhinav Saxena: And uh, in this uh coming presentation i'm going to uh cover four points uh one is center of excellence uh, and another is uh improved design courses and fire projects, and uh, some uh seminars, so like uh Phillips.
Abhinav Saxena: Okay. So i'm going to share my screen and
Abhinav Saxena: in the assembly. Give me the
please give him the rights.
Pushpendra Singh: So
Pushpendra Singh: so I, whenever you are, you should now be able to share.
Abhinav Saxena: Yes, thank you, Bushman, sir,
Abhinav Saxena: my screen is visible to everyone,
Rajat Verma,WUD: so just can you please? Yes, yes, it's It's visible, and slides are great. Thank you. Okay. So
Abhinav Saxena: So this is a corporate and design and innovation capacity building project. So this is the final conference, and I'm: going to start with the center of excellence.
Abhinav Saxena: Okay, So this is a center of excellent, which we uh call it in like a pet name. It's a fabrication lab uh for uh university, and it's a very important part of our school university. So uh, we have uh created the whole layout. And uh, we redesigned the whole uh classroom as a in in terms of liberty. And we have installed uh there uh some syntax traffic damp and some uh computers
Abhinav Saxena: with the I Seven processor and with the software like creo and other software.
Abhinav Saxena: And then we have some machines like threed printer is a fitting machine and and plays and craving. And there are some three d printers. And uh, there's a Cn secreting machine also. So we have a threed scanner in this uh, uh lab. So I am going to explain. And some uh points which I want. I I would like to cover for our center of excellence.
Abhinav Saxena: So we have, I think these are some glimpses of an operation ceremony. So we uh someday uh engine traditions. We have uh an integrated uh publication app uh with uh the Msme. Cluster, uh, which is in dry, which is our really next door. So we invited the President
Abhinav Saxena: so, and there are some discussion happening like we were discussing about how we
Abhinav Saxena: an idea that an idea to how we can give an idea to a physical form. So we were discussing about that. And so these are some media outreach if we open the link, so we can.
Abhinav Saxena: Yeah. So there are some uh installed machines and a usage of uh usage by Wd: So here uh i'm, i'm giving and one of my colleagues for, uh giving some uh introduction and the demonstration to the to all these students. Uh and and we were we were trying to give some uh permission about the three different, and in these photographs,
Abhinav Saxena: so these are some outcomes uh from like three different and laser cutting machines. So in which these two outcomes made by our students.
Abhinav Saxena: And if I talk about some dissemination like we have printed every every year, every month we uh printed some
Abhinav Saxena: a news later for our industry industry partners. So this is some one of the page.
Abhinav Saxena: Now, i'm going to discuss some pilot project in in this uh point I'm. Going to cover two projects. One is uh a bionic arm, and another one is uh uh tribe uh uh lev electric vehicle.
Abhinav Saxena: So so this is a process of buying um, which is uh like uh uh, one of our uh team like student team uh somebody and other students who are doing a project with the uh, some bionic uh
Abhinav Saxena: Simonick, the company
Abhinav Saxena: which is actually based on the chaining. And if you can see there's a there's a guy who is
Abhinav Saxena: actually drinking the water. So that that's for uh Lisa is like one of the part of that uh in the in the company, in Sam, the same bionic, and he's been using uh through that banning arm he's trying to uh for all those really to be uh tasked uh from through the and and the first image uh I can Uh, I showed you that most of the parts are printed in are
Abhinav Saxena: uh center of excellence, and it's not work King Project, and uh, the guy is still using the uh bionic arm. Another project is uh electric vehicle, and this electric vehicle is uh covered by uh anon, and his team at the students in in in exempt. India is placed in a mobile, and uh he made uh the uh three or three vehicle each week
Abhinav Saxena: call it track, and that Ev can accommodate two people. It's the main main task for to make this kind of a ev to
Abhinav Saxena: for housewives, and it really people for urban cities like at Delhi, Mumbai and China.
Abhinav Saxena: Yeah. So if I, if I jump on to the um design courses uh in our universities. So these are some uh these are the two courses which we have redesigned, and uh, one is part of semester, and another one is for six semester uh. So fifth semester project is uh was like a cup is uh design, and uh for six semester product design, uh which is works of this design i'm going to explain to to pourses and details.
Abhinav Saxena: Uh in in coming slides.
Abhinav Saxena: So these are the updated syllabus. Uh, if in on the left hand. Uh, this is a updated uh syllabus for craft design uh uh based design course, uh which we cover it in whip semester. And uh, for, On the other hand, you can see there is a service design uh syllabus, forty uh six semesters.
Abhinav Saxena: So uh So this is a one of the students project uh uh in service design. So this is some brainstorming happening, and uh it is for uh, to improve the female personal hygiene, and mainly uh focusing on the Uh Ministry Commercial cycle. So this is one of the projects which are one of the uh, uh,
Abhinav Saxena: I just uh reminded one thing in the uh, uh, this uh projects uh ev and prosthetic hand Uh: our students are currently working in uh that companies, and as a as a senior designer, and the Uh main designers.
Abhinav Saxena: Yeah. So I was discussing about this service design, and this uh course has covered. So this is one example for the subject updated redesigned course.
Abhinav Saxena: Uh, if I talk about the craft uh based design project. So uh, this is. This course is covered by uh, one of the faculty. And uh. So in this course we are going to. Uh, we are going to teach a harder. And uh
Abhinav Saxena: about the graph uh, and and art.
Abhinav Saxena: So uh, in this uh example in one of this example. So this is a on base. So this is an animal haunt. And uh, he made that student made a speaker, or I can say, amplifier uh through that. Basically,
Abhinav Saxena: if you can place the speaker, and through that your phone you can amplify the sound and without any electronic instruments.
Abhinav Saxena: So yeah, So these are the some seminar is happening uh, which which is, uh, along with Msme. And uh, our University. So these are some projects that is happening. Uh,
Abhinav Saxena: and our most of the students are going to cover. Uh, they are doing big projects, using our publication labs and center of excellence.
Abhinav Saxena: So you can see there are some laser print examples,
Abhinav Saxena: and these are project partners
Abhinav Saxena: uh for our university,
Abhinav Saxena: San Jose, and that if you want to add uh anything, any point.
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: Uh, thank you have enough. Thank you very much.
It comes,
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: Professor. I've been saying I were there.
R P SINGH: Yes, sir.
Yeah,
R P SINGH: I am notable,
R P SINGH: so is it visible?
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: Not yet.
Rajat Verma,WUD: No.
R P SINGH: Is it visible now?
Rajat Verma,WUD: Yes,
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: you can go for a stream.
R P SINGH: Yes,
R P SINGH: is it full screen now?
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: Yes, he's correct.
R P SINGH: This is arguing Uh: I am a technical head of department research, innovation and Incubation of Rmd. University, and I'm. Presenting on a final uh conference on Design and Innovation Capacity Building project that is, does, you know,
R P SINGH: uh, and the establishment of the Zeno Center of excellence within the Rmt University in association with Rmt. Department of research, innovation, and Incubation. Out of the three design approaches. Uh, it has been in a primarily uh been established or product design and innovation. That is an integrative drug design.
R P SINGH: So why does you know? Ah, ah! For R. M. P. And Y. R. And T. Uh uh is, you know, disseminating there, you know, surrounding uh across the uh industry. And why all this? The key goal of R. Mt. University, in getting associated with it, as you know is uh is to uh reach the expectation of industry. That is industry. Four point zero
R P SINGH: standards that focus on you can say, producing smart products which depend on a machine to a machine communication,
R P SINGH: and hence improving the design skills, innovation and internship among us, this stakeholder to get them industry ready, or you can say, ready to hire, or you can see there they can be ready to hire with these skills.
R P SINGH: So without any major training that is required by the students, so the students can get maximum benefit. And not only students, they are teachers and other ones, and the industry professionals, those who can build their skills. As for the grant generation to tools, what are the current donation tools are available, and what are the current uh uh generation uh tools for the emerging technologies are required. So, following the contemporary approach
R P SINGH: towards the design innovation, and of course this was not done to bring all the stakeholder under one umbrella, to maximize the benefits where the multidisciplinary engineering, as well as the design branches, can be included,
R P SINGH: so the objective,
R P SINGH: the objective of the that there you know center of excellence is a milestone. Ah! In a Rmp. That is a never ending drive in a twist of excellence that that you can say Ah! Culminates our long standing theme to set up a benchmark of a design, learning, and innovation that not only will be, will reflect the finest standard of the quality of the higher education, but also Ah will benefit students through priority,
R P SINGH: providing business perspectives and meeting global market industry challenges and uh yes, offering environment uh for uh freedom of thoughts, imaginative imagination, that how to research, how to ideate, how to design the and how to design the prototype, how to deliver the you know final product to the Uh society, and how to innovate and and and be a entrepreneur for a sustainable uh economical growth.
R P SINGH: Ah, it is also you can say that that is a reliability and a sustainability approach for research and innovation, so to serve communities as well.
R P SINGH: Uh. So while using the bunch of uh uh human centered design and a static design. The product design innovation is not covering only industry, four point zero uh artificial intelligence based and iot based techniques, but also, uh, you know, futuristic design concepts in all branches. So it is how to research, how to uh, not only how to research and ideas, and it is. It is also related to that
R P SINGH: how to go into the Hackathon's idiot Thorns, and how to get this seed money as well.
R P SINGH: So uh this project is It's it's It's not uh it's it's. You can say that Co. Learning and a collaborative kind of uh, you know you can say after is there so offering committee based uh programs to assist uh designers, craftsmen, and artificial, to produce a valuable outcome. As for the requirement of these stakeholders,
R P SINGH: Furthermore, ah located in the product-based. Ah, Industry Hub Rmt University through Dazzino center of Excellence, who demonstrated its ah potential in an exceptional way from ideation to design to the well prototype
R P SINGH: and uh to uh launch the final production successfully uh across it. So
R P SINGH: uh, this is the team. Who is, you know. Uh, you can say who are the builders in the Rmd University. First of all are very thankful for the partner Universities, all the seven partner universities, including creative, and then, then the higher duty of R and D. Uh Dr. B. Is
R P SINGH: um, because here I would like to have a special mentioned. The former Dean Rmt. University and former project manager Does you know who took initiative regarding capacity building of design and innovation? Rmd. University a special time to user as well for enabling us to grab this opportunity and also for all. Does you know, team?
R P SINGH: So what exactly the Rmt. Has, how they are empty. Use the, you know infrastructure.
R P SINGH: So this is the ah, you know, outer ah area of R and D. So where we can put what exactly the new ah announcements we are want to announce. And then this is the internal view of the lab,
R P SINGH: and this is all about the internal view where we can, you know, deliver the content to the students um by gathering them at the capacity of thirty as well. So here I want to uh display one uh run on a video. Uh, I want to show a kind of uh, you know, virtual to uh that. How exactly it is.
Rajat Verma,WUD: Yes, it's reasonable,
R P SINGH: so
R P SINGH: as well as from the
R P SINGH: These are the documents the Cnc machine and
R P SINGH: the research are doing the work using the workstation that is given by under under.
R P SINGH: So this is uh about uh about center how we established the center in our Imd. So now come to the uh the next part uh how we uh launched the
R P SINGH: courses here, so we operate two things. One is the existing course has been improved, and second, one is, you know, launch of a new course,
R P SINGH: the existing goals that it's for in a chemical engineering as well as other engineering branches. Ah! Through the minor project and the major project what we learned and what what has been suggested. Ah! To be a Partner University! Specifically suggestion given by Ah Tunnel University. Ah, those suggestions and those course points has been included in major project, as well as the minor project
R P SINGH: which has been uh through the, you know, uh credit score. And as for the you know, E. C. T. C. Ts uh as well required cps. So uh same, the new product, design and innovation has been launched. So this is overall. What exactly is there? Uh, we uh, you know, launch a new program and and the existing.
R P SINGH: So this is a a copy of uh, our uh minutes of meeting. That is, uh, how we approve of the authorities to the course, and uh, how we can uh proceed, and what kind of the uh rules are required. So this has been done through the board of Uh studies. So this is the curriculum design for, uh, for six semester, as well as
R P SINGH: on the seventh semester. So this is the uh template that we we we will use, and we are using for the minor project, and where we are using it, as you know. Uh, you know. Uh and as well as uh. You know uh what exactly the requirements are required
R P SINGH: for pilot projects. Specifically, if i'm talking about, you know business plan costing and uh, physical touch, point and service design. And what kind of the new uh, you know, as a service related to the Uh community is required. So this is a a template is just like this.
R P SINGH: So next, this is for the major major project. So now, what are the state of art? Facilities are available.
R P SINGH: So already everyone ah discussed that there we have a theory, scanner. That is very Ah, you know you can say the industry. We are surrounded with the steel industry as well as taxpayer industry as well as some.
R P SINGH: So in in our area. This series kind of can be easily used by so then threed printer and uh Cnc. Milling, and is an agreeable as well. So software facilities are rhino, Uh and Pt. Cio, and at three D.
R P SINGH: And then other facilities. We are working with, the you know multi branches. So we are working with the raspberry pi and all kind of the Ardino series.
R P SINGH: So what are the collaboration with the industry.
R P SINGH: So during the uh this project, as you know, execution we we did, uh, you know of, uh some tie up with smt, and then, uh Bramanda, you can private, limited, and Core Camp, and then they tack in this one, and the Bsd infected out of these five uh industries we got uh
R P SINGH: uh two pile of jails which we will mention uh in in this T Pt. And this uh they we are uh, where smt has given uh one. One project that is, uh housing last meal stand, and second is from the command, as you can, Private limited. So now I want to discuss the pilot project.
R P SINGH: So first one is the housing less meal stand,
R P SINGH: and it is offered by Assembly Machine, India and the team from uh industry. Their Ceo and their designers and team from Rmd. Students from mechanical Uh department, and uh yes, uh, from the uh, from from other branches as well.
R P SINGH: So what is the housing less mail stand housing. This may stand uh, basically a priest as stand which is more rigid uh than the conventional stands. These uh stands have a rigid role uh chalks held to gather solid and pre test joint, and the housing less a role stands has a limited test relaxation. Spring back of roads. The stand housing are smaller in size and have, like the structure.
R P SINGH: Ah, the role Talks are free, plotting on tool tensions, and the the mechanism ensures the mathematical opening and closing of roll gobs, gaps related to the past line,
R P SINGH: and generally these are used. What is the what is the scope of the work. The scope of work was the the purpose was to design the model to demonstrate the working and related sub assembly in exhibition, and to carry it for onshore off your customer meeting. So, to increase the business income of economy and sustainability with best design,
R P SINGH: the design has been developed uh using Cd. Printer. And so let me show these some. Uh this is the uh uh, This is the Uh Pt Cio design uh, how uh we? There are total seven, a number of uh uh somesemblies that has been designed that the drawings are given by an industry uh in the solid uh box uh based But students.
R P SINGH: Ah designed all these of the samples in Ptc. Creo. So, and these are the threed printed models,
R P SINGH: and these are rollers, and these are cartridge, and This is the Cassette Assembly, and this is the final product. Uh, you can say model, uh, of course. Uh. So this is some some video here. So while uh doing the laser engraving on the products.
R P SINGH: So we use a three-point printer as well as we used uh there's an engraver to engrave uh the things. So product is in my hand. You can see it. And uh, in my camera you can see it is a very beautiful and yes, in near future. What is the next? We will implement the artificial intelligence and the iot on it,
R P SINGH: and of course, uh we'll get that uh the success very soon for this. So this is what the first project next is the sundial. This sundial is given by command, and you can private limit, and this and uh these the teams are from the industry, their Ceo and their designers and team from Rmp. Student from uh computer science engineers and mechanical and lexical as well as seeing from
R P SINGH: of schools, and they they really helped in this project. They learned a lot of things, and they've worked under the banner solvers. They may. They their own venture, and the name is Solvers subject. The objective is to make a high high tech. You can say sundial
R P SINGH: uh high tech sundial that would work accurately respecting of the location across the globe. In other words, it should be location in uh independent, and uh, the accuracy shall not suffer according to the language, to national attitude. So we use this software right now. Ptc: No. Id. And processing three point zero ardenous to the Uh entire studio. And they are, you know, uh as well as some, some some sensors uh Gd, and whenever
R P SINGH: just a few that that is given by ah your opinion to a co-funded proportion. This project that is, three d printer, laser and graver Ion workstation
R P SINGH: so What is the customer, stack, defense, and aerospace industry can use it easily. Space, space, education, institute, astronomy, and these can use this project. And uh, apart from their art sciences, astrology, engineering, and uh and tracking. And so these are some customer stack on this project. So in this uh, when we discuss this project with the students students, with, you know, three different approaches,
R P SINGH: one group to give me the uh analog approach. Second group come with the digital shadow coach. Third uh that uh, uh app development base. So let me show one by one. So first approach is this analog sundial. So it isn't also in my hand. You can see in camera. So it is a kind of a watch here, and you can uh, when you will move anywhere
R P SINGH: while wearing this on the watch, and you can get through, You know, a shadow of the sun. So this is the one approach, and then the second approach. This is the second approach
R P SINGH: in a second growth. The shadow of this can be in the form of you can say when sunlight will fall on on the nomen, the shadow will in the form of
R P SINGH: uh digital, and it is very uh good thing, and it is again in my hand. So it is very bulky. And yes, uh, and it is working as well. So now let me show you one video for this just a minute.
R P SINGH: The student is of opens a school
R P SINGH: under the Solvers and banner. They
R P SINGH: and they really did good work.
R P SINGH: So this is automatically finding this North, the sound of voice of my uh student Yuk topper
R P SINGH: the shadow in the form of uh digital,
the
R P SINGH: Okay. Now, uh next approach. Next approach is uh this uh digital. Uh, you can say uh the app base. So we just completed this because we uh, we want to do this at the end, because app development is very easy. Again. This is made by the solvers along with the Uh. Rmp. Csc. Department. So now i'm going to play the video of this, how it is working.
R P SINGH: So this is showing the North as well as the South, and it can be used anywhere across the globe. So we are under the process of copyright for this, and uh for the uh second float we already uh file uh patent. So
R P SINGH: now come to the part of other. What is how we are doing the modernization, and what are the plan for the modernization in the near future? So we are, uh delivering these skilled development tools to the students as well as the industry professional. What exactly is granted
R P SINGH: demand in the current demand? What exactly the current tools are available in the in the market, and uh, and what exactly? The skills are required. For example, iot not a ai more than the A. That is a two way, I, and naturally I Then we are working on that as well as emerging technologies. So then, the industry uh
R P SINGH: what exactly industry's requirement. We are regularly in touch with the industry, how they, what kind of they they have in the problems and regular interaction with the industry. So what are the run tools they require, and what are the tools they have, and what kind of the tools we should provide to the students in times of hardware in terms of surface. So so forcing the bridge between the research industry, Cadmia wild Mini as well one of our uh.
R P SINGH: So ah! Because our commitment is towards ready to hire the students. So it will be only possible when we will provide, you know, uh updated technology and modernization kind of concept there. So we are not only using the modernization. It is a you can say, contemporary approach, classical as well as the model. So then, the joint research activities, national and international, and some research consultancy project as well.
R P SINGH: So this is what is the our plan, how we are doing the things and now sustainability.
R P SINGH: How, yes, is how
R P SINGH: we are still sustained. And what is this sustainable plan?
R P SINGH: We are visiting Uh schools, and we are delivering the you know knowledge about the all the documents, what we received, and what are the technologies are required that students should know,
R P SINGH: and we are visiting all the schools as well as the colleges. So these are some few ah pictures as well. So we got very good remarks from the students as well. So their students are wasting,
R P SINGH: and they interacted with us, and they really enjoyed this center,
R P SINGH: Even these. They are from higher education. They are from a case where K. And eleven people here. They are learning about threed scanning,
R P SINGH: and they really enjoyed it. And then, not only in the K. And K. Eleven, we also focusing on the kids as Well, K. Six hundred and seventy eight.
R P SINGH: These are some some
R P SINGH: application for us. So now next part is sustainability through valuated courses.
R P SINGH: Ah! Apart from, you can say improved ports and and new courses. How we can give the benefit to other students of the University, not only for Rmt.
R P SINGH: From across any anybody, anybody from they can, you know, approach us for the valuable courses.
R P SINGH: And uh, we are doing under uh in in association with the department of Uh research, innovation, and education, as well as other departments Department of Chemical Union and Department of Computer Science, and as well. So we are offering some kind of a valuable course, in a three uh, even some three cost of uh three uh uh costly uh training as well. So this is uh, uh templates, we you know uh this co-star is a brilliant university, and other
R P SINGH: schools, as where they are training and skills, courses at your owner's own University generally. Uh, what is in my area students and the people who want to update themselves, they hardly find a single uh, you can say single
R P SINGH: uh center or single uh institute, who is providing everything. But after getting all the equipment, after getting all the training. Now, we we are delivering all these things. So this is what exactly is going on now, sustainability through the internship
R P SINGH: people who want to do forty, five days internship who want to Do you know, one hundred and eighty days internship. So we are offering these as well.
R P SINGH: Next is sustainability to the industry uh industries and the projects. So we are open for the industry. They can use our facilities. Not only these facilities, that is, uh, you know, received and need, as you know, other facilities as well. Uh, specifically, you know, mechanical labs testing glass, and then lab. So research, consultancy and consultancy project and fully file objects. Recently we we we receive this this uh, you can see this picture
R P SINGH: that Rmt. Rmt. Invitation regarding Consultancy Project. This we have received this September, September the ninth that they
R P SINGH: threed scanner we received from item
R P SINGH: under the does you know, and because we are getting regularly training from them, then they,
R P SINGH: you know. Ah, send a invitation that ah! With your proficiency and with your work you can be a part of our consultancy project. So this is really good. How we can sustain these things. So.
R P SINGH: Ah, next is Ah, thank you, Hong, and I hope I covered maximum things in a very short period.
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: Thank you.
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: The cluster
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: presentation, I think, showing a very aspect of
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: the whole project.
Pushpendra Singh: Yes, yes, thank you. Thank you, Robert Sanjay. I'm ready. I will just start sharing my screen.
He
Pushpendra Singh: so I hope you can see
Pushpendra Singh: my pigeon. Yes, yes, everything can be seen.
Pushpendra Singh: Okay, Um.
Pushpendra Singh: So uh welcome, everyone. I'm a paspendra from Turkey to Delhi, and we will be presenting
Pushpendra Singh: from reply to daily how we have been able to benefit from the Dec. In a project, and what we have been able to contribute also,
Pushpendra Singh: it's.
Pushpendra Singh: These are primarily the forcing one which I will be presenting
Pushpendra Singh: first is the the Coe that we have been able to establish. So this is so. Our C. O. That we have established reply to Delhi is called
Pushpendra Singh: center of excellence in human-centered computing.
Pushpendra Singh: It received a wide amount of press coverage and fits into the nature of reply to Delhi, because supply to Delhi. Unlike the Ud Mit is primarily at Information Technology Institute. So as part of this project, we
Pushpendra Singh: develop our capacity and capability in design, but mostly a design which contributes towards the human computer interaction side of research.
Pushpendra Singh: So our center is also in that same direction
Pushpendra Singh: as mentioned earlier. The centers have these set of uh hardware equipments as well as the software equipments. Uh, so far, I mean the with the triple Id Delhi, and I think with every other skewed uh, mostly. The corona came at the same time, and the equipments were coming.
Pushpendra Singh: So the we have been ah able to use our equipment, but not to the extent that we would have wanted to play it. A Deli has actually just started on twenty Ninth August, I mean physically student. I decided to come in, but the semester has started twenty, nine thousand. So just two weeks back.
Pushpendra Singh: So now we hope that there will be more uh tangible activities. But I will give you the glimpse of the other activities that we have been able to do in our Co. Even during the coroner time or post for any time.
Pushpendra Singh: So this is how the Coe looks. It is located in the R. And D. Building of reply to Delhi, and it's a very spacious lab. You can see there are equipments. There are work stations on the other side. There are spaces for students to store, work together,
Pushpendra Singh: et cetera, and we uh want to make use of it for many years to come.
Pushpendra Singh: He's.
Pushpendra Singh: So so far, what we have been able to do is to sort of
Pushpendra Singh: make use of our Coe in running different workshops and training sessions
Pushpendra Singh: like. I am giving you example of one of the workshop that we uh ran in June uh month, and these workshop and training sessions are open for working professionals. So far we have been keeping very negligible fee to uh, to attend these sessions,
Pushpendra Singh: However, going forward these workshops and training sessions will become one of our major activity as part of the Ceo.
Pushpendra Singh: Ah! The second major activity that we envision for is is obviously for the students and students of to find it, as I will indicate in my future slides. Ah! All ugly students take the the fundamental design tools,
Pushpendra Singh: and through that they will have opportunity to work in the Coe and make
Pushpendra Singh: uh use of these prototyping machines to develop different prototypes. That fit.
Pushpendra Singh: Third is as we envision that that this will be used for entrepreneurship activities. Now, entrepreneurship has got a very strong goal, and replied In Delhi there are several activities which towards it, and we think that our coo will also help in the entrepreneurship direction,
Pushpendra Singh: At least tenth of around six hundred and three students every year are admitted into the undergraduate to run out of practically. And all these students do doing computer interaction tools.
Pushpendra Singh: Ah! This course was already existing. However, it was reviewed and updated as part of this in the project,
Pushpendra Singh: and as mentioned that it's a core course to all you students. The Coe will help in running the lab activity of the course when the students come, and our new Uh batch is going to start their first in a number so hopefully from that time we will start seeing a full use of Zoe
Pushpendra Singh: the
Pushpendra Singh: So far in the last two years it was taught online, and most of the time it etcetera. Yeah, using only the computing resources. But now it will be offline. And using that,
Pushpendra Singh: the Municipal Corporation of Delhi and the Us. Civic bodies of the So they are around eleven civic bodies and Delhi, which control the lighting on the street.
Pushpendra Singh: So this project was given to Ah to us by Mcd, they they told us, and we took it under the lesson of project to provide.
Pushpendra Singh: Ah! Not only visualization of how the lightings are, but also the ability to report a malfunction like, and I will. I will be giving more details on it.
Pushpendra Singh: The second project that we took under this in a project was Sahili. So Sideli is a combination of chat, porter, and mobile app.
Pushpendra Singh: Ah for providing the relevant information to pregnant and post-partum women. We concentrated on within the within this scope of theation we constrained on for providing co-ed vaccine information to pregnant women, and both part of women.
Pushpendra Singh: And in this work we we collaborated with such Ngo. This is an Ngo in A,
Pushpendra Singh: and we collaborated with Pgi me at Chandigar. So the Ngo works in both Tandiger and the particular reason, And you see, outside the University of California. San Francisco is also the partner. I will be providing details about this.
Pushpendra Singh: So let us take the first project, Rosemary,
Pushpendra Singh: and as you can see on the right side, there is an image of uh uh taking it from Google Map. This is how Rosney is working, what it is showing you are these a small pole locations? And currently these poles are red. Because I took this this just before the meeting, and given that it is a day time. All the lights are switched off.
Pushpendra Singh: If you, I will be showing you the website, and I will be showing you the live portal. So if you go in the evening you can see these lights turning green, and obviously some of them will not turn green, which can be reported.
Pushpendra Singh: The aim of the Rosney is to number one to provide this real time visualization of a street like data. And this is real time. So every fifteen minutes we update it. Ah, the data! So this is Ah, this is an excellent ah portal, which is showing you in real that how how the slides and the Dallas, if we are working
Pushpendra Singh: plus it also allows you to report the non-functioning light.
Pushpendra Singh: So uh, we when we started the decimal project, I think, in the just two months back. We had somewhere around sixty-three thousand live polls, which is spread in our budget today. We have more than one like uh one hundred and ninety-three thousand live holes. Ah, data into the portal
Pushpendra Singh: uh, typically uh, I mean unexpectedly delhi has somewhere around one million uh streetlight ports. So we still have a long way to go, but as we are getting the data from the agencies we are at, bring it into our protocol.
Pushpendra Singh: So the project has come to a stage where from our side it is complete, but we can add more data into it, so it will continue to grow.
Pushpendra Singh: Ah, let me have possibly
Pushpendra Singh: give you a small demo
if you're not involved at all.
Pushpendra Singh: So I hope you can see the browser now
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: just for
Pushpendra Singh: okay. So This is the Raftsney portal that I was talking about, and if you see you can concentrate on this green uh sol, kill which says, one, nine, three, one, five, two. So this is the total number of poles which are currently uh active.
Pushpendra Singh: You you can also. There are different type of visualizations which are available. You can also see it as a heat map.
Pushpendra Singh: So whatever is shown as red is the area that we have already covered in our portal, there is still a lot left given. The Delhi is still uh given that there is a company to state. But hopefully, we will get this data from the agencies, which we will add, there are some other features which we also did in the project
Pushpendra Singh: for women safety. For example, you can, if you only want to find out what is the situation of street light on your route. So let's say you,
Pushpendra Singh: which is about
Pushpendra Singh: ten kilometers away,
Pushpendra Singh: and I want to see that What is the
Pushpendra Singh: the sort of streetlight situation there?
Pushpendra Singh: So I can even do that.
Take some time.
Pushpendra Singh: So you can see that now it has taken the data from the Google map on that Google map. It has found the root, and on that root it is showing in the street light. So now You can see very easily that if you start from reply to Deli almost for this initial uh part,
Pushpendra Singh: there is. There are no no straight lines. So this we believe can help a person understand, plus if you see it in the night time, it can also show you the lights which are non-functioning. So we believe that this information can help an individual in in assessing whether they should take this or not,
Pushpendra Singh: we plan to extend it further. Ah! Once the once the more data come in. I mean, you see that there are no poles in this region. It is not true in reality. The problem is that currently the data is being filled in and in Delhi. Ah, different civic bodies own different part of the city.
Pushpendra Singh: So we are trying to collaborate with all of them and trying to get data so that we can give a complete picture. The uh, the office of the Latin governor is directly involved in the project. So we don't find any problem in getting the data. It is just taking time. You can also see visualization. Why is that? You know,
Pushpendra Singh: For example, here there are some.
Pushpendra Singh: So this is the different type of visualization has been used to show
Pushpendra Singh: what is the actual lighting condition, and you can always also make a make a complaint. You can always report a light non-functioning if you want. So these facilities are also available in this portal
Pushpendra Singh: and like. I said that this is a live quarter, and the uh, M. Cd. Body is already using it, and slowly they will try to integrate it into their original system, which was very
Pushpendra Singh: uh fragmented. There were different civic bodies using different systems. We have tried to bring everything on one platform.
Pushpendra Singh: Now I go back to the another product.
Pushpendra Singh: The second project is what we call as Ahali, and the Sahili is the name of our chat. Bot which provides real-time answers Ah! To uh, women who are either pregnant or have had a baby,
Pushpendra Singh: and what we realized was that in general and India we found that the pregnant, both part of them, and especially living in rural areas, finally challenging to access healthier information. So we thought of filling this gap by providing some technology interventions.
Pushpendra Singh: So we followed a human center design process. We uh conducted telephoning interviews with the women, and we reached them through our Ngo. Uh. We quoted these interview transcripts. We found out the final course, did a thematic analysis,
Pushpendra Singh: and we could come. Where are the knowledge gaps and like? This is the Myrow board over which we are showing that what kind of queries of women may have, and using this data, we actually developed our chatbot. So a chatpot is a rule-based checkb,
Pushpendra Singh: and we named it Sally. So what it does is that it gives you certain options,
Pushpendra Singh: and from these options you select the right one that you want to.
Pushpendra Singh: You want to see. For example, it can ask in the beginning, Are you pregnant, or have we had your baby? You select option one.
Pushpendra Singh: You go into a decision three. If you select option to do, you go into another decentry. We choose this approach because most of our Uh people who are who we are going to use this chatboard. They have never had an experience of working with the checkpoint, so we chose that
Pushpendra Singh: a design which the user would found easy, and this had also come out in our initial prototyping work that that's the type of checkpoint that people would like to use.
Pushpendra Singh: So we deployed this chatboard. I mean you can see the screenshots. So we first that we deployed it through Whatsapp. So we worked with the Whatsapp business. Api team got their api and deployed the chat. But through the Whatsapp again, the purpose was to
Pushpendra Singh: uh learning from human center design principles that
Pushpendra Singh: we didn't want them to learn a new app in order to learn how to use the chatbot. So Watson was something which they already knew, and through the Whatsapp we could deploy the Chatbot in very short duration almost in a month the chat what sort of was being used by about eight hundred families,
Pushpendra Singh: and this was primarily, even though our Ngo helped us into reaching out to the initial set of users later on. This, uh was just people sending out message to their contacts and saying that there is a chat, Dot. Why, don't you talk with it?
Pushpendra Singh: So? It was primarily spread by the word of mouth, and
Pushpendra Singh: was very much used in the reason where we were deploying it.
Pushpendra Singh: We collected all the all the related data of the check, but and now we are trying to see where Chatbot had, And what was the actual impact that is, once they use the chatbot. Did they really go and take the vaccine? I mean, that's how we are measuring the impact,
Pushpendra Singh: and we have some positive results. And hopefully we will be ah doing some more research to write or write them into a research paper.
Pushpendra Singh: The second, and within this scenario is that we are also trying with the app,
Pushpendra Singh: and while there are different uh uh affordances of app, but with the app you can supply them more data. You can let people use it whenever they want it. We have been uh using this side by side with the chatboard to see how people prefer
Pushpendra Singh: to receive information? Do they prefer it to receive it to the chat, or do the prefer it to receive it through the app.
Pushpendra Singh: So this experiment is currently ongoing, and in the app we are obviously experimenting a little bit more, supplying them audios which they can hear supplying them little small animation videos.
Pushpendra Singh: So this Heli project is uh what we did under the uh, under the decimal project apart from Russia,
Pushpendra Singh: now coming back to the modernization and sustainability aspects. So I see two, three uh avenues for sustainability. One is that the Coe, now that Covid is almost over,
Pushpendra Singh: the coo will be used. Ah! Throughout the Institute, and not just for that design department to conduct workshops and continuing education programs which may generate feature income to it.
Pushpendra Singh: Ah, the design projects like Rosney. Uh. When we propose that we can build it, then we could also receive a small grant. It was a smaller grant from Ncd. But this is just the beginning. If we extend it, then we can get a bigger grant, and this can be used to modernize you in future.
Pushpendra Singh: And Similarly we will write, we writing feature grants to help C. O. A. Modernize and make it sustainable, and to play it early. Anyway, we have to make everything sustainable. We do not receive the ground from the government, so that is always in our mind, and I think that, given the ecosystem in and around Ellie,
Pushpendra Singh: and with the facilities that we now have the design facilities, I think that we would be able to uh keep it modern Co. Throughout the time, and also keep it sustainable. So that's all from my side. Is there any questions I will be happy to answer.
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: Thank you. Thank you, Professor.
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: I think very extensive, well done by each institution.
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: Ah,
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: so, Professor Yam,
Busayawan Lam: thank you very much for the introduction. I would try and share my screen, and if you can see it. Please let me know.
Busayawan Lam: I hope you can see my screen.
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: Yes,
Busayawan Lam: fantastic. Thank you very much.
Busayawan Lam: Hello, everyone. This is Bossy Owen Lamb from Bruno Design School, Bruno University, London. It is my pleasure to present the recommendations that we have drawn from this project.
Busayawan Lam: So these five recommendations, which I'm. About to present to you were never not based on the secondary and also the primary research. So the team started by reviewing a number of literature regarding desire in India,
Busayawan Lam: including things like decide policies, and you know a number of practices. Um over a number of time. We mainly try to look at what the country consider to be the key priorities,
Busayawan Lam: and also looking at the key characteristic of the design industry in India
Busayawan Lam: based on our study. Um. There is a clear interest in supporting um sme and startup entrepreneur grassroots, innovation and social innovation. Also, the craftsmen. At the same time there are also clear needs
Busayawan Lam: and to move forward with the emerging desired practices. Things like industrial digital design service, design, strategic design, while maintaining,
Busayawan Lam: making a good use of the Indian rich heritage, and also the unique craft skill.
Busayawan Lam: So, based on this finding, we explore further through the field research, which is the combination of interview, questionnaire, survey, also focus group
Busayawan Lam: in order to refine the recommendation. And here we have it, and the five recommendation which we believe are very important for developing design, culture and services in India. Firstly, we think it's very essential to establish
Busayawan Lam: these. I hubs in Higher Education Institute around the country, because this will help bring together grassroots, innovators, social activists, and also design practitioner.
Busayawan Lam: We also believe that it is very crucial to invest in the education in the field of digital desire. As the country become more and more connected the incorporation of decide thinking strategy, design,
Busayawan Lam: um also essential in order to help Indian companies stay competitive, you know whether they would like to focus on the domestic market, or whether they want to compete in the regional in the global market.
Busayawan Lam: As mentioned earlier. It's very important to make good news of the rich verification. Therefore it's important to integrate traditional practices in the contemporary desired practice. And finally, it's all about helping, not just
Busayawan Lam: the large economy, but also the local economy is about fostering grassroots, innovation, and help them scale up such innovation to industrial products
Busayawan Lam: in order to make sure that all these five recommendations are relevant to professional needs, and also we would like to develop the idea of further as a result of the research team and carry out to key activity. Firstly, the qualitative feedback,
Busayawan Lam: including um opinions and suggestions together from the Virtual Um Round Table Discussions Title: The Desire in India.
Busayawan Lam: How new design and Innovation center can provide sustainable economic growth. This event was held on the twenty eight of June, but before that the background paper which provide details of all this by recommendation, will circulate to all participants in advance.
Busayawan Lam: So in this way we can gather their feedback opinion and suggestions, you know, from different stakeholders in order to provide a recommendation further.
Busayawan Lam: Um. We also gather um quantitative feedback um through the feedback template, which was distribute to all external participants after the roundtable discussion event.
Busayawan Lam: And here are the summary of the qualitative feedback that we gather from the participants in general. They all agree with the recommendation that we propose.
Busayawan Lam: They would like to make some suggestions on how to kind of develop the idea. Further,
Busayawan Lam: the majorities of the experts agreed that it is essential that design. Educator and design students engage with the industry and also the general public. As a result, they say that in a day
Busayawan Lam: newly formed design Innovation Center, which you have seen, you know, in previous presentations, could play a key role in not just helping
Busayawan Lam: company and startup entrepreneur, grassroots, innovator or social activists. But Also, it's about raising awareness about design with the community, you know, through the public engagement
Busayawan Lam: showing the design work like we talk about here in a different domain,
Busayawan Lam: and in this way it could help develop the appreciation and also the sense of pride in India design, and also help people understand that design is accessible. You know it's not glamorous thing. It's not expensive thing. It's not an approachable thing. It's something that could really help in all kinds of businesses. And It could also, you know, be used to support the public and communities as well.
Busayawan Lam: The expert suggests that in order to have the right balance of you know, moving forward with emerging design practices, but at the same time make a good use of the rich heritage that the country have.
Busayawan Lam: It's about making a good use of integrated approach, a combination of, for example, physical and digital. So not just the pure digital and using in um high tech and technology. You know that we discussed today like the digital fabrication.
Busayawan Lam: Ah, combining it with the crowd practice, and it's about utilizing um technique approach that are unique to India design. For example, the Juga approach has been introduced, you know, several times during the discussion.
Busayawan Lam: Here are the key results from the quantitative feedback
Busayawan Lam: as mentioned earlier. Um. All participants agree with these five recommendations. However, they felt that some perhaps are more important, have higher priority than other. For example, the top priority, from their point of view is the investment in the education in the field of digital design.
Busayawan Lam: And this might be because of, you know, like the Covid situation that we has in the past few years has raised the importance of, you know this field, the digital design, the human sorry,
Busayawan Lam: and the interaction designs, and so on.
Busayawan Lam: They also believe that the incorporation of design, thinking, and strategic design, and also service design as part of the Indian
Busayawan Lam: company, Dna is the way forward
Busayawan Lam: things like the establishment of the design Hub and the integrations of Um traditional crowd practice and fostering grassroots. Innovation could definitely help.
Busayawan Lam: So, in order to implement this five recommendation. Um! As you can guess, there are a number of action that have to be taken at different level. Um. Some might be, you know, at the institutional level, and some of them might be at the staff level, and some of them might be at the student student level respectively.
Busayawan Lam: Certainly um
Busayawan Lam: part of the seasonal project we has established three design Innovation center which we believe could provide a blueprint,
Busayawan Lam: an example case, study material for any higher Education Institute in India that our interest in established this kind of desire.
Busayawan Lam: These provide opportunity for the Higher Education Institute in India's to exchange knowledge, share idea of book practices on how to set up this sort of center, how to run this sort of center and how to take it,
Busayawan Lam: you know. Forward it provide a number of um hopefully number of collaboration, not just among the Institute, But perhaps you know, we are the important stakeholder as well. Like the local government, the local businesses, and so on.
Busayawan Lam: Um,
Busayawan Lam: As you can see from the presentation earlier that the center, you know. Tonight we
Busayawan Lam: can be used for so many different things, and that include public engagement activities. And even in order to raise the awareness about desire, and this will help continue the conversation. The dialogue, you know, between the design, education, and the design
Busayawan Lam: practice in the industry,
Busayawan Lam: as you also see in the previous presentations. You know there are many interesting new and improved courses that have been developed in as part of the design of project.
Busayawan Lam: And again, we believe that this could provide a blueprint, an example case studying material for any higher education in India that are interested, offering this kind, Of course, at the Institute
Busayawan Lam: this could lead to a number of knowledge, exchange, opportunity, the collaboration between, you know, different institutes, and so on, and to share good practices and and how you could, you know, develop this um area? Further,
Busayawan Lam: the number of teaching material has been them a lot, you know, as part of the decental projects as well, and we hope that it could continue to be used to train a member of staff, especially early career academics, so that one
Busayawan Lam: stay at the front of the developments in terms of um desired education in terms of the desired practice,
Busayawan Lam: and i'm sure you'll find all this in a collaborative project with external partner. Amazing, and it should be encouraged. It should be support. Further, we believe that project-based learning should be integrated in teaching, because it could help um engage with the industry which is very important, and also continue to engage with the people outside of the Institute,
Busayawan Lam: could also help. You know, a number of
Busayawan Lam: partner, whether it is company asme entrepreneur, um social activist, and glassworks innovator and help the student develop, and to give a network and make a good news of the new facility that they have as well.
Busayawan Lam: So, Um, that is all for me. Thank you very much for your time. If you have any question, perhaps you can have a discussion, you know, after we finish all the presentation. Thank you,
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: hey? Thank you, Professor Jam. Very comprehensive.
Ah!
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: Review of all the recommendations for the project
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: Professor Philip had introduced.
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: May I now request, should I?
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: She and his predecessor smiles.
Shujoy Chakraborty: Okay, So first of all, good morning uh
Shujoy Chakraborty: in India. I think it's. Good afternoon, Bondi. I'm talking to you from Portugal. So I role in the project is as an external evaluator. So i'm based in Europe. But I am of Indian, or
Shujoy Chakraborty: a very very interesting uh intervention by involving me into this project, because I I could give a light of um, both as as a European Academy on how the project is being developed and and and delivered. As for the European, you know funding requirements, but also then I have some personal um.
Shujoy Chakraborty: Oh, I
Shujoy Chakraborty: assessments and observation as an Indian designer. So um, I don't have a physical Powerpoint presentation to show. So I will give more uh verbal comments.
Shujoy Chakraborty: So I hope that that is okay. I don't know how much time I have to speak, so I will divide my comments into two strategic sections. One is my my my assessment of the project as an external evaluator,
Shujoy Chakraborty: and the second part of the commenting would be my personal obedient. So as a designer on how this project has made a very positive contribution, and the importance of
Shujoy Chakraborty: of doing this kind of projects, and hopefully doing more of these kind of projects in the future,
Shujoy Chakraborty: so my voice would be a little not so clear. I'm actually uh! Still recovering from Covid. So i'm I've been suffering from Covid. So i'm a little bit uh physically weak in this moment, so I will try to speak uh if my voice is not real. Um. So for the project. I have been assessing it
Shujoy Chakraborty: since, I believe, more than two years now. Three years almost.
Shujoy Chakraborty: No, I think it's two years. So I was involved in the project a little bit later than the rest of the consortium. I don't participate active actively in all the
Shujoy Chakraborty: Uh meetings and all the conferences, and on the capacity building. But what I see remotely. Um, when I read the documentation is that um! The project has been very robustly done So First of all my congratulations to the Consortium uh,
Shujoy Chakraborty: and especially to um.
Shujoy Chakraborty: For taking this very, very challenging and difficult role would be a pi of such a sophisticated project. So you know, you're working. Projects always involve, uh, several normally six partner institutions, and in this case we have a uh mix of Oriental and accidental culture, so into Europe and consortium, so always the difference of cultures, difference of language, and overcome all of that. And seeing this, they deliver the project, then the complication of
Shujoy Chakraborty: the pandemic that in the middle that put the project in a in a delay. But then the consortium was able to recover the project. So
Shujoy Chakraborty: again congratulations on that. So it's a good day to see the project has been concluded. This is the final conference,
Shujoy Chakraborty: and I believe just yesterday we were commenting in our final consortium meeting that everybody was feeling a little bit sad that the project is concluding. So that's always a good sign that the project had good energies and everybody learned a lot.
Shujoy Chakraborty: Ah! From the project participation, and I think the deliverables that were promised have been delivered. Um! So I see the the planet projects that have been presented by by the three Indian partner institutions.
Shujoy Chakraborty: Um! They have done a great initiative. They show a lot of energy, a lot of positive, ah, constructive, contributive mindset, which is very good, a lot of autonomy on their part as well.
Shujoy Chakraborty: So what needs a good project, in my opinion, as an assessor? I think the first first
Shujoy Chakraborty: you know dimension. The first element to assess is the intention of the project, the theme of the project, the topic of the project for the project promises what it works to achieve, and how it work methodology of process, model project, process, model it proposes to follow, and how suitable it is to them games and intentions of the project and the context where the project will be applied. So I I I assess that it has been very, very well called out right from the beginning. When I started reading the documentation of the
Shujoy Chakraborty: want you to realize that it has been very well resourced. So my congratulations to to again.
Shujoy Chakraborty: I think the Indian partners as well worked. Especially would I believe Dr. Sanjay has been involved right from the beginning, and conceptualizing this project. So I mean, I think you folks did a great job in identifying a correct team, because, you see, a lot of projects are developed with a team or a project problem setting or a problem solving that that is not very compelling. So the projects sometimes can reach the conclusions, but now are not so impactful.
Shujoy Chakraborty: It's really impactful. I see a lot of people today who are attending the final conference is itself an evidence that people are greatly interested to learn what this project has has achieved.
Shujoy Chakraborty: So the the important contributions of this process. So first of all, the project has a good team. It has a good process. It has a good methodology figured out um, and then the album. So I think Dr. Sons are already elaborated in the beginning of today's conference. What are the expected out?
Shujoy Chakraborty: I I will summarize and paraphrase them, and summarize it in my own words. For me, as I said, sir, I I see that very important output is First of all, you are, you know, updating the quality of design.
Shujoy Chakraborty: You are building infrastructure, which in in India is very much needed now. So we are all, uh, I think a large part of this conference are Indian people. Many must be students here. I suppose the cameras are also I I I cannot, but I I think many people are so. We know that India is not fast growing. Country is under rapid transformation, and infrastructure is the need of the need of the hour. So you modernize the penalties. So you brought signs inside,
Shujoy Chakraborty: teaching you upgraded the academic quality which will benefit the youngsters, and I thought, is your training the professors, the next generation teachers.
Shujoy Chakraborty: This is the training, the train or contribution that I I think it's it's very, very unnecessary, because, though a few years ago I read an article on an India mostly, but in those some times to be very precise, I don't recall the exact day, but I have, I believe, somewhere what is the biggest challenge that India faces Now it is not doctors or engineers. It is shortage of professors that has been identified as the greatest strategy.
Shujoy Chakraborty: Ah! Roadblock that India has in order to become from a low-income country to a middle income that it is now. Already, I think, in August India was classified as a middle income country by the World Bank. It's very same
Shujoy Chakraborty: to a high income country. India needs a lot of educators, not only in school level but in university level, because train a professor needs at least ten to fifteen years of time. So I think this project has made a very big contribution, even though it could be a drop in the ocean, considering how
Shujoy Chakraborty: large India is. But I think this is a very, very important contribution of this project that cannot be overlooked,
Shujoy Chakraborty: and the fourth uh, you know, output was sustainability of the role. So again, what is the legacy of this project? How will the the partners who receive the infrastructure receive the training, receive the knowledge? How will they deploy this, and then, you know, amplify it to share it. So
Shujoy Chakraborty: I highly encourage that the Indian institutions have who benefited from this project. Now you can be the shining light to other institutions in your in your uh, you know, uh
Shujoy Chakraborty: geography, in your local geographies, because you are spread out in the different cities in India, mostly in the north of India.
Shujoy Chakraborty: But you can share this knowledge you can encourage, uh, you know, uh upcoming private design and schools or or design departments within public universities, because design is receiving an increase focus, as Uh
Shujoy Chakraborty: was just shared in my in the previous presentation by Professor Lam from Brunel, that
Shujoy Chakraborty: you know design education in India is receiving a recognition. So the number of design forces in India are increasing in an exponential way. Probably recently I was in India in August. Um, I interacted with several, you know, million design programs. Um,
Shujoy Chakraborty: um. I was in iit, Danny. That is a you know, flagship elite, Indian institution. I interact with an Id and a Nationalist of design, which is also another institution. But you've seen the any institutions it's designed is very well formed, but they are the start, whereas but now it's very important that also more institutions are involved. Like, What has this project?
Shujoy Chakraborty: Broad? You see you are wood, and you have our mit your triple it. So this is very, very encouraging. So the sustainability of the project can be guaranteed. If now you share this knowledge with even more, even more
Shujoy Chakraborty: more design schools, design programs, design departments inside public universities.
Shujoy Chakraborty: Um. And I think that um, with these four aims that the project held and the outcomes that they claim today to have achieved. I I completely agree as an external assessor that they have been
Shujoy Chakraborty: now coming to the second part of my my command as a designer, not only as a effects on an evaluator of this project,
Shujoy Chakraborty: but also as a design teacher in Europe, in India, and as a professional design community. What is the significance of this project?
Shujoy Chakraborty: I think that we have a lot of youngsters in today's today's conference. We have a lot of students here, and some of you might might um agree with what I say. Some of you might disagree, but since it's a discussion. Um,
Shujoy Chakraborty: I think I will voice some of my my my opinions here. So
Shujoy Chakraborty: my interaction with Indian Design University has always made me realize one point eventually that design education in India has been largely in the shadow of, you know, engineering, education. Um. And I think what this project has has has has contributed to this
Shujoy Chakraborty: design is beginning to find its feet in in India. So again,
Shujoy Chakraborty: we must understand the huge transformation that India is undergoing, and the rate of this transformation, which is extremely rapid, it slow down significantly during moving. It's true. But now, when on my visit to India, all the time I just back from India. It's not even ten days.
Shujoy Chakraborty: I see things have changed a lot, and we've been ready to institutions and the way they teach design. They are updated themselves. Um. And India is is a middle income country moving towards a higher income country, and what I realized is that these institutions are ah! Are
Shujoy Chakraborty: are engaging heavily with government bodies, you see. But where is India strong at already? So in when we talk of design, seeing just very good high complexity design. When I see Indian newspapers when I interact with Indian Academy when I read, you know Indian news media channels in a general information. They're full of, You know, integrations of successes that Indian design is bringing. So you have the project. You have the Mars Mission. You have The
Shujoy Chakraborty: The Indian astronauts will be launched to space next year. These are all very high complexity design projects in the space organization that Iid gave me a good orientation about building, you know, shapes and aircraft carriers or India spending high complexity, but even medium complexity. There are a lot of our companies in India that are building very, very
Shujoy Chakraborty: plus quality vehicles, you see, and motorcycles and transportation, or one buses electricity. So the electric scooters, you see uh you're gonna have companies like at, or energy and and polar. So it is definitely all the home on the transportation sector, but where it's getting left behind or largely absent, it's no complexity. You see, when we talk of companies like, or imagine a fashion company like
Shujoy Chakraborty: already, these these I have no complexity products. You see, India is largely missing there. Um! And that is necessary to to have a mass dissemination of design culture inside India, because the average citizens will not buy a a spaceship, you see, but they will buy a good, well designed chair. So making a chair is very difficult, and I was having a conference in Iot about this. Why there are no compelling global furniture design companies yet not
Shujoy Chakraborty: from in here. Why, Hasn't, this happened was more difficult to do this than to build a space program
Shujoy Chakraborty: uh different challenges, of course. Uh, I'm not saying one is better than the other. But I think this is where India needs to focus now, And I think this test, you know, project has done a a fantastic contribution exactly in that domain. Bring, you know, grassroots level uh awareness of design, and not only as education, but now also as a culture. Uh. Professor Leanne said that rightly so, it Indian design identity needs to be formed. India needs to find its own Dna of design.
Shujoy Chakraborty: Okay, which is not well, I I agree, disagree on some things which is not only to our. It was when India was a low income country, but now that is moving and higher in from now we have to be on to bar, and I think Indian companies are definitely. If you look at the vehicles that India is designing, you see, look at that. They're definitely developing an Indian Dna of design, just like Italian design, or or you know, Japanese design, or British design or American. And so I think that this is going to occur. And now, in
Shujoy Chakraborty: complexity products, India needs to do the same, and that can occur when you have a you know, critical mass of institutions across India that have a robust design education, a robust faculty list of, you know,
Shujoy Chakraborty: highly trained, highly highly exposed teaching staff that have been our operability. You must understand that this, you know, has brought in somehow in the way European design schools teach design. So it has brought all that knowledge which takes. You see a research, that kind of travel to Europe from an Indian university and do a Phd. And spent four or five years in your training, and then going back. But it's an episodic interaction. But what this project has done, and it has brought a strategy
Shujoy Chakraborty: interaction between three European universities and three Indian universities, and it has mixed the culture of both the University, so making like a mil, she
Shujoy Chakraborty: even passing the formats of the Powerpoint presentations. How we design programs inside European University because they are design pedagogy in Europe,
Shujoy Chakraborty: has formed a lot earlier than in in India on a mass scale. Uh, you see, in of course i'm not talking of the Elite Union institutions like Iit or N. I. That were in the forefront, like any other global institution, right from the sixties they have had design program, or they were two or three in a budget or a billion. So now we see a large mass of, you know, critical mass of Indian design universities, young, full of energy, highly enthused and impatient
Shujoy Chakraborty: to grow to learn. Uh, with a lot of youth. And this is the power of India. You are. You are young, and I think this project has brought all the All the teaching dynamics at a European university
Shujoy Chakraborty: two, three years of intervention into a traffic transfusion, so I will not even say transmission. I will go so far as to say transmission injected that Dna into three design programs inside India, the design schools Um, And then they have flourished with design programs where you have trap design, product, design. You see interaction designs. We have physical products, works with products. Um. And I I think this is a seed that has implanted. I was saying this
Shujoy Chakraborty: before so, and it would grow into a tree. Now
Shujoy Chakraborty: my hope is that it will become many trees, a forest? Um, and we will see a next generation. Uh, you see, of of young stars who are in this conference, who will benefit from these design innovation centers from some of these forces that have been deployed and injected
Shujoy Chakraborty: into the into your your schools through through the leadership of Bill. Now here and I, you might get trained in those courses. You might use that infrastructure, and you might become the next generation. Um,
Shujoy Chakraborty: professional designer will work in India with the knowledge that Tasino has done. You see, that is the power of Academia. You don't interact with one person. You pass on knowledge like a a waterfall to hundreds, and then you will hire people in your career, and then you will pass this knowledge to another one hundred, so it will have a a progression
Shujoy Chakraborty: that will be theoretically so. That is a long-term impact. It's like we've planned one seed, but the seat comes up a flower a tree that he drops more seeds and more trees come up, and a forest is formed up. So my hope is, It will be this that will be the ultimate long term sustainability of this project, and I hope some of you also become professors, because India needs a lot a lot. Thousands. You know how many doctors, India
graduates in in uh your
Shujoy Chakraborty: India needs doctors, but I read almost one million a year depending on the sources you you you study so statistical databases have this
Shujoy Chakraborty: engineers. Four million. Consider the entire global installed capacity of the whole world is around sixteen million. So maybe twenty-five so one in four engineers, graduates from India every year. So four four million engineers a year, and how many designers I was in a conference of the you know Association of Designers of India, new daily middle of August, and they said, Around one thousand designers, maybe graduate from here.
Shujoy Chakraborty: This is nothing we need a million. So you see, there is a huge, exponential scale of growth. That is, the potential. The ceiling is so high that I think, even if in the next ten years, we repeat,
Shujoy Chakraborty: I feel repaid. I see how many hundred times there will be a lot of scope for this this this project. Um! So these are my comments that are not shared in the capsule. I don't know if they just do this or too much. I spoke around twenty minutes. I think it's okay. But if you have uh any, any comments, any anything to say? I I welcome them and thank you again,
Shujoy Chakraborty: Chow from Portable, and it was a pleasure to be involved. I made some very interesting
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: which Indians is your cat in design. I think it's style, right?
Shujoy Chakraborty: Yes, there were a lot of debates about this in my interactions inside several schools, and I think down the
Shujoy Chakraborty: and design schools are beginning to realize that India has to be on juvenile. So that's the only one I don't agree with is that you are. I think India needs to move beyond that now, and it is moving just moving very fast. I I see, especially in the medium complexity. So transportation design is a shining light. It's a unicorn in India. Somehow, new companies are our companies. Mobility companies are really working hard to develop by Indian design ethos, engine design, Dna. But we need to bring that into the low complexity as
Shujoy Chakraborty: separated from graph, because draft is very strong, and I agree uh fine arts that's like a seat of humanities. Greece, Indian Indian art, India, the loss of the Indian architecture. These are very, very well. They are giants in the world,
Shujoy Chakraborty: strong in those things, but not in industrialized, no complexity products which Italy is very strong. And so we have polytechnic with the Milan right here, and they know this
two-thirds,
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: and to the point there seems to be no questions.
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: You can raise your hand or type your question, or
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: just
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: unmute yourself and speak.
Shujoy Chakraborty: Maybe it's a large part of the community students. Maybe they they, I don't know if it is so, but if it is,
Shujoy Chakraborty: maybe they might need some encouragement to speak. They could be intimidated. So many professors in one zoom talk.
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: So
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: I was expecting some questions
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: any. If there are none,
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: then what would you?
Philip Azariadis: And writing the proposal? It is a very good feeling to see how your ideas are realized, and can influence the lives
Philip Azariadis: of so many people in different parts of the world. So i'd like to thank all our partners for the excellent world, and of course the S Reallyian partners for embracing our vision
Philip Azariadis: and making it their own vision. And this is something we can demonstrate for sure, to other universities and to the European. It is also a Sunday,
Philip Azariadis: because, uh, after uh, forty-six months of working together, we have to say goodbye uh or farewell. But I think we will be a bit again in the future. Uh, I believe I made some very good friends here. Uh and uh, I will definitely uh try to have some future collaboration,
Philip Azariadis: saying, You all very much.
dimos: Yes, the meeting brought for yes, uh of the Textile uh Conference at that time. Uh realized on the best way, thanks to all of you, thanks mainly to my colleague filling.
dimos: Ah, it's a very efficient Ah, Professor! Ah, to realize ah! The projects! And for me personally and other buildings. I think this was
dimos: for me at least, all the best stuff um each other. They we know about the all the names in India. We know it's there. We succeeded that to now we can go on a fair of the. I would be very happy. Now. We have a good team to to continue in different er er compliment that I would say the
dimos: thanks very much. Everybody.
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: So anybody else wants to say by on the close, the session.
Pushpendra Singh: Yeah, I guess.
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: Yes, Mr. You have been raising your hand.
Pushpendra Singh: No, I was just saying that it was a great experience to meet, and at least for reply to Dali. I think
Pushpendra Singh: eighteen sort of. We were establishing our human center design department in two thousand and seventeen, eighteen, and we were establishing many of these labs, and at that time to get a support of Ah of design institutes across the world, was very helpful,
Pushpendra Singh: inserting a good successful department, and then we also got help into the course. Preparation different things. Just the discussion around the design had a lot, and I guess this was very much needed for us at that time, and the project has been uh,
Pushpendra Singh: I mean, It's impact has gone beyond what we just did in the project. That's what I I want to mention. So it it was, and it was very good to meet all the team and work together. So hopefully, we will work again, and that's all. Yeah,
Pushpendra Singh: May I, Mr. My, You please go through?
KSHITIJ MAHESHWARY: Thank you. Within this. First of all, I would like to thank the team members, especially
KSHITIJ MAHESHWARY: from India. The you, Philip, for his very meticulous way of doing thing,
KSHITIJ MAHESHWARY: just to make sure your audio is not
the one
KSHITIJ MAHESHWARY: I can't hear you
KSHITIJ MAHESHWARY: in the design, the coe ones, and I've seen there's a tremendous change in the mental setup
KSHITIJ MAHESHWARY: of all involved there, and people are really charged. Take forward this particular mode of education to the industry, and all the stakeholders in and around are really inclusive.
KSHITIJ MAHESHWARY: Thank you very much, Dr. Sunday, for the opportunity provided to me, and I am also thankful for the management of
KSHITIJ MAHESHWARY: especially. Thank you very much, one and all. Thank you all
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: for the conference for the project.
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: It will be sustained and stay for ever.
Philip Azariadis: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.